My name is ahmed badawy. 
I'm 26 years old Egyptian (Developer & Expert Fullstack web developer). Over the last 5 years i have developed plenty of applications & websites with various programming languages (Java,PHP,Ruby on Rails,JavaScirpt).


i'm currently Located in Cairo/Egypt
B.Sc. in Computer Scince from mansora university & i got (6th place on class) 
I know Arabic & English & (currently Learning German but the langualge proved to be chalenging so this might take few months)
I can Drive & i'm NonSmoker 




Spidro - Apr 2013 i Co-founded Spidro.com with a colledge friend of mine.
Sprido that provided hosting services, web development and desktop applications services for my local area. 
our main focus was to provide the local market with sales & clients managment system.

EGprices.com startup company   Apr 2014 - Dec 2014  as a Backend developer (PHP,Laravel) Web Developer
companies focus was to provide different bisnesses & shops with comparing prices & advertisement services. the system summary is 3 steps. -user search & choose item he likes -we output every thing there is to know about the item with every store's price for this item.
- when user chooses a price/shop to buy from we provide him with the shop's contact data & website.

i joined Edfa3ly.co as Full-Stack Web developer     Jan 2015 - Aug 2015
is The fastest delivery service in egypt. egypt is a third world country so as expected we have a major problem in eshoping area. so Edfa3ly.co provides the user with an esear way to buy things online.
 	1. user Select Your desired Item and we will buy them for you 
 	2. We will ship your items and clear them from customs 
	3. Get your items delivered to your doorstep 


Erest.sa
I worked as a Full-Stack Developer at erest.sa development company in jedda Saudi Arabia.
their main focus was websites development for local companies. 
I developed plenty of websites under their name.


DRK
I Worked as a remote Senior Web Developer at DRK.com.sa publication company in Saudi Arabia for 3 months i developed their whole system, added online eshoping system to their website, 
i developed plenty of applications & systems for them. like 
- clients management system 
- emails automation system
- a portal to paypal system for buying & selling online.
- some robots to scan the internet for potential future clients email addresses & contact info.








you are a global online takeaway food ordering marketplace
you are Operating across five continents

I know that your system enables users to place orders at local restaurants via its website or mobile app.

Customers enter their postcodes on the site, browse for food from a list of restaurants, and place the order; foodpanda processes the order details, sends out an SMS to customers to confirm orders and their estimated delivery time, and passes the details to partner restaurants; and the restaurants deliver the food to customers.

It is called foodpanda in Asia and Europe and hellofood in Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East. foodpanda has partnered with more than 60, 000 restaurants globally.

foodpanda was launched in 2012 and is operated from Berlin, 

// Germany with presence in over 40 countries and 500 cities across 5 continents.








Fingers crossed, I hope everything went well.
Hoping to be a member of foodpanda's work family.



